yo guys welcome to another episode of
DCUO styles now on today I've got my own
Nightwing style with a bit of a lantern
in and a bit of the Nightwing PvP Armour
set with some Batman in there as well so
I'll just show you around it then
right now let's go look at all the
pieces
the headpiece does I really had bass
really the facepiece is the o1 tech G
which drops from the coast city alert
ISA 3 is the blue Nimbus aura I didn't
add any shoulders to this because it in
feels necessary
there's no emblem here for hunt pieces
is called dr. fender and you get it from
a briefing in family reunion to5 alert
or operation now the waste piece is
checkmate I can't my boy got this from
the feet that look up is error not
revert which is a PvP tier ii think ii
pvp army yeah i think he's the boots
just placed most important here it's
called a Gotham Knight and it is the
Nightwing PvP tier for the highest PvP
our my dear now Gotham Knight like piece
it is logistics officer which is the P
with me Iowa after or not it's cool but
back piece is also a Gotham Knight same
Star Wars the chess piece
it's scrimmage six basically where the
skin is human skin out to the weapon is
course that that not so guys enjoy the
star it fits in a bit of a bluish
Nightwing type of style plus a bit of
Batman in there so and of course the LED
lantern headpiece Sophina if you enjoyed
this video press the like button press
subscribe you can comment what type of
styles do want me to do if I can book
what I can do that type of style so you
need any styles just come to me I'll set
up some styles for you and be all good
thanks for watching